[Bugfix/Content] Avgi Fixes (#10935)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/avgi/avgi 1 first contact.txt

	description "Help the Avgi in the Ensemble system hold off an Aberrant raid until help arrives."
	source "Navigeo Yards"
	destination "Weledos"
	passengers 1

> 	blocked "You'll need a free bunk on the <ship> to take Darius to Weledos."

Reviewer: Also, maybe give this mission a deadline?

	passengers 2
	source "Feo Platform"
	destination "Peripheria"
	passengers 2

> 	blocked "You'll need a free bunk on the <ship> for Darius and Sora."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	blocked "You'll need two free bunks on the <ship> for Darius and Sora."
```
